README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
    <img src="app/src/assets/zusam_logo.png">
</h1>

<h4 align="center">A truly private space for you and your friends</h4>

## What is Zusam ?
Zusam (/tsuˈzam/) is a free and open-source way to self-host private forums for groups of friends. Composed of a server written in PHP exposing a REST API and a lightweight webapp, Zusam is extensible and easy to install.  
The goals are to make a stable, extensible, lightweight and user-friendly way to self-host private social groups.

## Features
- Low server footprint
- Links preview and embedded youtube, vimeo, imgur, soundcloud, twitch, bandcamp...
- Video and image upload
- Photo albums
- Completely responsive and mobile friendly

## Deployment
Zusam is composed of a PHP server and a preact single-page-application.

Backend:
- Symfony 4
- Sqlite

Frontend:
- Preact 8
- ParcelJS

Requirements:
- PHP 7.1+
- Yarn or NPM (only to compile the webapp)

You can follow the installation guide for [Debian stretch](wiki/debian.md) or use [Docker](wiki/docker.md).

## Contributing
Zusam is free and open-source software licensed under AGPLv3.  
You can open issues for bugs you've found or features you think are missing. You can also submit pull requests to this repository.

Commit message:

Fix debian/md typo and add webapp compatibility

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
    <img src="app/src/assets/zusam_logo.png">
</h1>

<h4 align="center">A truly private space for you and your friends</h4>

## What is Zusam ?
Zusam (/tsuˈzam/) is a free and open-source way to self-host private forums for groups of friends. Composed of a server written in PHP exposing a REST API and a lightweight webapp, Zusam is extensible and easy to install.  
The goals are to make a stable, extensible, lightweight and user-friendly way to self-host private social groups.

## Features
- Low server footprint
- Links preview and embedded youtube, vimeo, imgur, soundcloud, twitch, bandcamp...
- Video and image upload
- Photo albums
- Completely responsive and mobile friendly

## Deployment
Zusam is composed of a PHP server and a preact single-page-application.

Backend:
- Symfony 4
- Sqlite

Frontend:
- Preact 8
- ParcelJS

Requirements:
- PHP 7.1+
- Yarn or NPM (only to compile the webapp)

You can follow the installation guide for [Debian stretch](wiki/debian.md) or use [Docker](wiki/docker.md).

## Webapp compatibility
The webapp targets Firefox 60+, Chrome 67+, Safari 11+.  
It's intentionally high but should work with all versions of Edge and older versions of Chrome and Firefox.

## Contributing
Zusam is free and open-source software licensed under AGPLv3.  
You can open issues for bugs you've found or features you think are missing. You can also submit pull requests to this repository.
