documentation/update.md, before:

Update
======

This is a general procedure to update Zusam.  
Be sure to read the changelog for specifics that could occur.

First, understand that the master branch is considered unstable and you should not blindly `git pull` from it.  
To stay away from trouble, stay on release tags and update only to the next tag (and not to a specific commit).  
Generally, updating several major versions at once is not supported. Do multiple update operations if you are several majors behind.

You can see the latest release [here](https://github.com/zusam/zusam/releases).  

## The actual procedure

1. Backup the data directory
2. Select the next version you want to update to. It will be called `$version` for the rest of the procedure.
3. Go to your zusam directory
4. `curl -Ls https://github.com/zusam/zusam/archive/refs/tags/$version.tar.gz | tar xz --strip 1`
5. Run database migrations with `php bin/console doctrine:migration:migrate`
6. Run application migrations with `php bin/console zusam:migration`
7. Apply latest composer changes: `php bin/composer install`
8. Copy the webapp to the public directory: `cp app/dist/* public/`

## If you are using docker

1. Follow the installation instructions as you would to install it.
2. Run database migrations with `php bin/console doctrine:migration:migrate`
3. Run application migrations with `php bin/console zusam:migration`

Commit message:

0.5.5 (#60)
* Rework tests

* Various fixes, updates and linting

* Added translation using Weblate (Russian)

* Translated using Weblate (Russian)

Currently translated at 78.7% (78 of 99 strings)

Translation: Zusam/App
Translate-URL: https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/zusam/core/ru/

* Translated using Weblate (Slovak)

Currently translated at 100.0% (99 of 99 strings)

Translation: Zusam/App
Translate-URL: https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/zusam/core/sk/

* Translated using Weblate (Chinese (Simplified))

Currently translated at 100.0% (99 of 99 strings)

Translation: Zusam/App
Translate-URL: https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/zusam/core/zh_Hans/

* Rework & fix the objectNormalizer

* Add ru_RU lang

* Only normalize ApiEntities with the custom normalizer

* Add phpunit workflow

* Fix

* Fix wf

* Add description to composer.json

* Remove symfony/flex from require-dev

* Update composer.lock

* Remove support for php 8.0

* Add static analysis and lint CI tests

* Rename php tests

* Add wf to build the container

* Pass scss files under stylelint

* Apply eslint

* Add workflow for node tests

* Fix wf

* Fix group creation

* Update dependency, compile webapp

* Add missing compiled webapp files

* Rename the '*' serialization group to 'public'

* Downgrade preact to 10.17.1 to fix wrong order of messages

* Update documentation

* Update CHANGELOG.md

* Update README.md

---------

Co-authored-by: Daniil Kozheikin <ibitlog@hotmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Milan Šalka <salka.milan@googlemail.com>
Co-authored-by: YuxiangWang_0525(John Frederick Wang) <1n3-3z0la8jxie@dingtalk.com>

documentation/update.md, after:

Update
======

This is a general procedure to update Zusam.  
Be sure to read the changelog for specifics that could occur.

First, understand that the master branch is considered unstable and you should not blindly `git pull` from it.  
To stay away from trouble, stay on release tags and update only to the next tag (and not to a specific commit).  
Generally, updating several major versions at once is not supported. Do multiple update operations if you are several majors behind.

You can see the latest release [here](https://github.com/zusam/zusam/releases).  

## The actual procedure

1. Backup the data directory
2. Select the next version you want to update to. It will be called `$version` for the rest of the procedure.
3. Go to your zusam directory
4. `curl -Ls https://github.com/zusam/zusam/archive/refs/tags/$version.tar.gz | tar xz --strip 1`
5. Remove symfony's cache: `rm -rf api/var/cache/`
6. Run database migrations with `php bin/console doctrine:migration:migrate`
7. Run application migrations with `php bin/console zusam:migration`
8. Apply latest composer changes: `php bin/composer install`
9. Copy the webapp to the public directory: `cp app/dist/* public/`

## If you are using docker

1. Follow the installation instructions as you would to install it.
2. Run database migrations with `php bin/console doctrine:migration:migrate`
3. Run application migrations with `php bin/console zusam:migration`

---

If you are writing a script and want to automate the database migration, use the options `--no-interaction` and `--allow-no-migration` so that the command does not fail if there's no migration to execute.
